fix(em): fix wording (#5757)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/elastic-metal/concepts.mdx

### Cloud-init user-data

> User-data is the mechanism through which configuration instructions are passed to an Elastic Metal server. When cloud-init detects user-data during boot, it interprets and executes it based on the data format provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User-data is the mechanism through which configuration instructions are passed to an Elastic Metal server. When cloud-init detects user-data during boot, it interprets and executes it according to the format provided.
```
